How do you fancy being up a mountian at a height of around 3000 meters with temperature below zero,snow underfoot,variable weather,racing up and downhill? This is how some athletes will be competing in this year's Winter Olympics.

Skimo,short for ski mountaineering,is the newest winter Olympic sport,and will debut at the 2026 games in Milan-cortain. It combines Alpine skiing with mountaineering and is a race against time where athletes are required to ascend and descend mountainous terrain using skis and other specilised equipment.

At the Olympics,there will be a relay event,and also sprint competition which lasts just few minutes.Athletes start in a steep,uphill section using climbing skins. There are detachable grippy strips you attach to skis to prevent sliding.The athletes then rapidly transition to boot packing where skis carried on a backpack as they run up an incline as fast as possible.There is then a technical downhill course full of tight turns and obstacles.Because of all the transitions,races can be won or lost in seconds depending on how smoothly the athelets can switch between modes.

One hopeful Brithish qualifier and a number of the GB skimo squad is lain inner.Despite the sport being included in the winter Olympics,which he says is a great news,he doesn't think the events accurately represent ski mountaineering."There is no element of mountaineering whatsoever,as the world cups and Olympics are held on man-made slopes,with berms and jumps and prefectly cut steps on the climbs" he told the British mountaineering council.

However,inclusion in the Olympics is a positive reflection of the sport's global growth and development.The International ski mountaineering federation(ISMF) oversees the regalution and promotion of the sport and has established a world cup circuit,as well as **conteniental (continental)** and world championship all of which have hleped evelate the sport's standing.So look out this extreme sport this year and feel that adrenaline rush.

