Is your house at its tidiest when you've got a deadline coming up? Do you have a list of jobs that you really need to do,but you really don't want to start doing.Procratination can mean that we spend more time **on** putting off a job than we'd ever actually spend completing it.Understanding why we do it **could (might)** help us to understand how **stopping (to stop doing)**  it.

There are **some (different)** reasons why people procrastinate.Some people avoid tasks if they can relate them to **trumatic （traumatic）** situation(s) in their past. Sometimes we don't do certain tasks because we are swamped with other things. If people are unhappy about **be (being)** asked to do something,they might put it off to feel like they're regaining some control.Another common reason for procrastination is just the worry that doing something will be unpleasant or that we'll not be able to do it well **enought (enough)** to satisfy ourselves.

**The (This)** last kind of **procrastinate (procrastination)** can be a result of our mindset.People with a profectionist mindset are likely to have a very rigid idea of what success in a task looks like.**There (This)** is couped with **be (being)** anxious not to fail at that task.**Phycholog (psychology)** lecturer X points out that procrastination can be the result of a struggle between our brain's reward and **thread (threat)** systems.If the **thread (threat)** of failure or discomfort is **greatly (greater)** than the potential reward from doing the task,we are likely to avoid it.

congnitive flexibility could help us to avoid **procrastinate (procrastinating)**.If we **can** change the way that we think about a task,it can be easier to start working on it. If we can challenge our expectation of what succeeding could be and how uncomfortable working on the task will be, it can seem less **threading (threatening)**.Breaking down tasks into small **compenents (components)** also makes them less **dauting (daunting)** as well as providing a feeling of **achivement (achievement)** when each of **those (these)** is completed.It can also be useful to consider what triggers procrastination for you.Having a better understand of this can help you get things done.