Driving: do we love it because it's quick and convenient,or is it just that we don't have a choice? Either way,commuting by car is becoming more common across the world. While this could mean that people are getting more mobility and freedom,could it have a cost?

As the number of cars on the road increases,so does congestion. As more people travel by car,more road space is used up. According to the OECD's International Transport Forum, the average person travelling in a car takes up five times as much road space as someone on a bus.This is made worse by the fact that,on average,today's cars are larger than those of the past.Tailbacks and other traffic jams in the UK could be costing 7.5 billion pounds each year in wasted time.

It's not just gridlock and wasted time that's the problem.Car dependency has significant health **problem (impacts)**.Air pollution from diesel and petrol cars can cause health problems such as asthma and other **resparitory (respiratory)** illness(es).Road traffic accidents lead to injuries and **fatabilities (fatalities)**.Additional to this are the long-term problems caused by sedentary lifestyles,leading to poor fitness and obesity.Road-building developments can also split communities,leading people to feel cut off.where road transport **dominated (dominates)** an area people without access to a car can feel isolated.

Cities and countries are sometimes tempted to build new roads to reduce the potential **for** snarl-ups.However,some experts say that this can cause induced demand,where increased road capacity leads to more people driving,and congestion,is soon back to its previous level.The other side of this theory is that, when road space allocation is taken away from private cars,often congestion won't get any worse.Authorities in some cities such as seoul and utrecht have demolished motorways leaving natural **festures (features)**  such as streams and rivers in their place.Making drivers pay more is an approach used in *some* cities like London or singapore,where ten-year cars ownership licenses can cost over 60,000.The increased costs can help reduce the number of cars on the road and make traffic flow faster.