Are you worried that you can't keep up with AI? Current Artificial intelligence systems can do more tasks
more quicker than we can. Does this mean that mechains will put us out of work?

Rather than replace our jobs,it may be more likely that AI will transform the way we work.
Previous waves of mechanisation and automation did not cause lasting effects to employment rates.
Research from Goldman sachs shows some evidence that AI has affected the US job market differently in 
different sectors.Being adaptable and understanding how best work together with AI in the industry that you
work in is likely to become very important.

Humans and Artificial intelligence have different strengths.AI systems are naturally best suited to tasks that are
repetitive, involve data,and that are very lager.Humans usually preform best when skills and quailities,such as leadership,empathy and judgement are required.Recent research from MIT's sloan school of management identified 
whick tasks were best done by humans,and whick tasks were best done by AI.They found that where humans were better,
working together with AI boosted perfomances above that of humans working alone.Creative tasks could be an area where this collabration is particular productive.Professor David Stillwell from combridge university highlights that the AI's creativity is currently at a similar level to an averge human.Other research shows that using ideas
generated by AI,even bad ones,helps humans to come up with better ideas more quickly.

Companies need to look at their workflows and processes to see where use AI alone or in collabrate with humans can be more efficient.They can then decide how to integrate AI into their workflows.Employees should try to learn how best to use AI to support themselve.Be able to do this effectively will lead to 
<font color="red">career</font> 
 success.


 Are you worried that you can't keep up with AI? Current Artificial (**artificial**) intelligence systems can do more (**many**) tasks more (**much**) quicker than we can. Does this mean that mechains (**machines**) will put us out of work?

📝 第二段
Rather than replace our jobs, it may be more likely that AI will transform the way we work.
Previous waves of mechanisation and automation did not cause lasting effects to employment rates.
Research from Goldman sachs (**Goldman Sachs**) shows some evidence that AI has affected the US job market differently in different sectors. Being adaptable and understanding how best (**AI and humans can best**) work together with AI in the industry that you work in is likely to become very important.

📝 第三段
Humans and Artificial (artificial) intelligence have different strengths. AI systems are naturally best suited to tasks that are repetitive, involve data, and that are very lager (large). Humans usually preform (**perform**) best when skills and quailities (**qualities**), such as leadership, empathy and judgement are required. Recent research from MIT's sloan (Sloan) School of Management identified whick (**which**) tasks were best done by humans, and whick (**which**) tasks were best done by AI. They found that where humans were better, working together with AI boosted perfomances (**performance**) above that of humans working alone. Creative tasks could be an area where this collabration (**collaboration**) is particular (**particularly**) productive. Professor David Stillwell (Stilwell) from combridge (**Cambridge**) University highlights that  AI's creativity is currently at a similar level to an averge (**average**) human. Other research shows that using ideas generated by AI, even bad ones, helps humans to come up with better ideas more quickly.

📝 第四段
Companies need to look at their workflows and processes to see where use (**using**) AI alone or in collabrate (collaboration) with humans can be more efficient. They can then decide how to (**best to**) integrate AI into their workflows (**workflow**). Employees should try to learn how best to use AI to support themselve (**themselves**). Be (**Being**) able to do this effectively will lead to (**help lead to**) career success.